Isn't that so great?
Hey, someone's a camera.
Hello, may I help you?
Good morning.
We're talking briefly with people about where
to find advice to live a happy life.
Have you found any reliable sources of advice?
When I need advice, I usually go to my parents
or another white older person.
That's an excellent source of advice.
What do you think about this as a reliable source of advice?
Psalm 1, 1, 2, says, happy is the man who does not walk
according to the advice of the wicked,
and does not stand on the path of sinners,
and does not sit in the seat of scoffers.
But his delight is in the law of Jehovah,
and he reads his law in an undertone day and night.
What source of good advice is recommended here?
It sounds like it would be the Bible.
Yes, God's law.
The Holy Scriptures.
How do you view the Bible?
Sure.
The Scriptures are very old.
I always thought the Bible is outdated.
It's true that the Bible is a very old book,
but those who've examined it have been surprised
at what it contains.
May I show you a one-minute video that explains this?
Mm, okay.
I've heard before.
But the big questions still remain.
Where do we come from?
Why do bad things happen?
Why do people die?
Most religious people think that God controls the world.
How could that be?
This world is out of control.
What the Bible says may surprise you.
The Bible is helping millions of people around the world
find answers to life's big questions.
Would you like to know those answers?
Hmm, that was interesting, but I'm busy right now.
We know you weren't expecting us today.
So next time, perhaps I can bring my wife,
and we can show you the Bible's answer to this question.
What effect can the love of money and possessions
have on our happiness?
Okay.
Okay, see you then.
Sure.